DOC-7500: Invite People page needs animated GIFs for mobile app workflows (#7501)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/invite-people.rst

.. tab:: Mobile

  1. Tap the |plus| icon in the top right corner of the screen.

>     .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-options.jpg

Reviewer: @Rutam21 - Please scale the new images by adding ``:scale: 60`` on the line after ``:alt:``. Let's start with scaling to 60% and see how they display on the page.

Author: This fix is applied to all images in this PR.

>       :alt: When you click on the + button, you can access more options from the popup window at bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: When you select +, you can access more options from the popup window.
```

  2. Tap the **Invite people to the team** option.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-by-email.jpg

>       :alt: You can invite an user using their email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: You can invite a user using their email address.
```

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-by-name.jpg

>       :alt: You can invite an user using their name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: You can invite a user using their name.
```

.. tab:: Mobile

  1. Tap the |plus| icon in the top right corner of the screen.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-options.jpg
      :alt: When you select +, you can access more options from the popup window.

>       :scale: 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :scale: 40
```

  2. Tap the **Invite people to the team** option.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-by-email.jpg
      :alt: You can invite a user using their email address.

>       :scale: 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :scale: 30
```

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-by-name.jpg
      :alt: You can invite a user using their name.

>       :scale: 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :scale: 30
```

.. tab:: Mobile

  1. Tap the |plus| icon in the top right corner of the screen.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-options.jpg

>       :alt: When you click on the + button, you can access more options from the popup window at bottom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: When you select +, you can access more options from the popup window.
```

  2. Tap the **Invite people to the team** option.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite.jpg

>       :alt: You can also invite an user by clicking on the Share link button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: You can also invite a user by selecting Share link.
```

  3. Tap **Share link**.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-by-share-link.jpg

>       :alt: You can invite an user by sharing the invite link directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: You can invite a user by sharing the invite link directly with them.
```

.. tab:: Mobile

  1. Tap the |plus| icon in the top right corner of the screen.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-options.jpg
      :alt: When you select +, you can access more options from the popup window.

>       :scale: 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :scale: 30
```

  2. Tap the **Invite people to the team** option.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite.jpg
      :alt: You can also invite a user by selecting Share link button.

>       :scale: 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :scale: 30
```

  3. Tap **Share link**.

    .. image:: ../images/direct-mobile-invite-by-share-link.jpg
      :alt: You can invite a user by sharing the invite link directly with them.

>       :scale: 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :scale: 30
```
